diplomats are urgently working towards a
peace deal in the Middle East and hoping
to avoid a wider regional conflict
senior advisor to US President Joe Biden
is visiting Beirut right now to meet the
Lebanese caretaker prime minister and
speaking to the media he emphasize the
importance of these latest
efforts speaker bar and I also talked
about the framework agreement that's on
the table for a Gaza ceasefire and he
and I agreed there is no more time to
waste and there is no more valid
excuses from any party for any further
delay US President Joe Biden hopes that
a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas in
Gaza could deter Iran from launching
attacks on Israel the Iranian government
has dismissed calls from the UK and
other Western countries to refrain from
retaliation against Israel for the
killing of Hamas leader Ismael hania in
tan last month Israel has neither
confirmed nor denied involvement now
during a meeting of the UN security
Council US ambassador said the
temperature in the Middle East must be
turned down while in Washington a $2
billion worth of armed sales to Israel
was
approved meanwhile the fighting in Gaza
continues with Israel claiming to have
killed about 100 Hamas fighters in Rafa
Southern Gaza in recent days Palestinian
Medics say 19 people were killed in
Israeli air strikes on Tuesday among
them a four day old twins killed while
their father was at a local government
office office registering their births
their mother also killed our Middle East
correspondent Lucy Williamson
reports for 4 days Muhammad Abu kumsan
was a
father this day will haunt him
forever the day he left his newborn
twins Asel and Assa at home with their
mother while he went to collect their
birth
certificates and returned to find them
killed in a St on their building in
deral today he prepared to bury
them a new parent comforted like a
child I didn't even have time to
celebrate them he
said gaza's Health Ministry says 115
infants including Asel and Assa have
been born and killed during this
war we asked the Israeli Army why the
twins family home was bombed and are
waiting for a
response fighting has continued across
the Gaza Strip with both Israel and
Hamas under fresh pressure to agree a
ceasefire deal to calm spiraling
Regional
threats today Hamas released this video
which it said showed Rockets being
launched from Gaza towards Tel Aviv
Israel's Army said one had crossed into
Israeli
territory and fallen into the sea
in the southern city of Han yunes
displaced residents not long returned
fled artillery and air strikes
again who will breastfeed this baby one
resident cried over the ruins of a
building all her family were killed even
her
mother re abua 3 months old was pulled
from the rubble bruised and battered the
only Survivor of an air strike that her
grandmother says killed her parents and
eight siblings along with 10 other
people they are the terrorists the ones
that killed children they are supported
by America out of 20 people this one is
the only one left the focus on Gaza now
is shrinking as the threat of regional
conflict grows but each child left
without a family each father left
without his children is adding to the
long shadow of this war Lucy Williamson
BBC News Jerusalem